[GDL-2020] Add Sponsor site (#5)
wizeline/devopsdays-web: content/events/2020-guadalajara/sponsor.md

Type = "event"
Description = "Sponsor devopsdays Guadalajara 2020"
+++
<div class="container-fluid">
  <div class="row justify-content-start">
    <div class="col-md-9">
      <div>

>       <h3></h3>

Reviewer: Do we need an empty heading?

Author: oks used "<br>" instead of empty heading

>       <p>We greatly value sponsors for this open event! If you are interested in sponsoring see a <a href="/events/2020-guadalajara/Prospectus.pdf">PDF of our prospectus</a> for more details or please drop us an email at {{< email_organizers >}}.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>We greatly value sponsors for this community event! If you are interested in sponsoring see a <a href="/events/2020-guadalajara/Prospectus.pdf">PDF of our prospectus</a> for more details or drop us an email at {{< email_organizers >}}.</p>
```

Author: Oks, changed "open" for "community"

      <h1></h1>

>       <h1></h1>

Reviewer: Do we need the empty headings?

Author: oks used "<br>" instead of empty heading

            </th>
            <th scope="col">
              <center>Platinum</center>
            </th>
          </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Logo on website</th>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Social media shout-out</th>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Yes</center>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Booth space</th>
            <td>
              <center> </center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center> </center>

>             </td>

Reviewer: How about leaving the cells empty? e.g.
```
<td></td>
```

Author: oks used "empty cell" instead

            <td>
              <center>Shared</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Own</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Own + Premium placement</center>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Full audience pitch</th>
            <td>
              <center> </center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center> </center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center> </center>

>             </td>

Reviewer: Same as above - how about leaving the cell empty? e.g.
```
<td></td>
```

Author: oks used "empty cell" instead

            <td>
              <center>Up to 1 minute</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>Up to 5 minutes</center>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Conference pass</th>
            <td>
              <center> </center>

>             </td>

Reviewer: Same as above - how about leaving the cell empty? e.g.
```
<td></td>
```

Author: oks used "empty cell" instead

            <td>
              <center>1</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>2</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>3</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>4</center>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Price in USD*</th>
            <td>
              <center></center>

>             </td>

Reviewer: Same as above - how about leaving the cell empty? e.g.
```
<td></td>
```

Author: oks used "empty cell" instead

            <td>
              <center>$500</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>$1,000</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>$1,500</center>
            </td>
            <td>
              <center>$2,000</center>
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th scope="row">Price in MXN</th>
            <td>
              <center></center>

>             </td>

Reviewer: Same as above - how about leaving the cell empty? e.g.
```
<td></td>
```

Author: oks used "empty cell" instead
